DOCSP-13865 distinct usage examples (#25)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/usage-examples/distinct.txt

===================================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

You can retrieve a list of distinct values for a field across a
collection by using the ``Distinct()`` method. 

The following example specifies a query filter and a field name to the
``Distinct()`` method, which matches documents in the ``movies``
collection where the ``directors`` field contains "Natalie Portman" and
returns distinct values of the ``title`` field from the matched documents. 

.. include:: /includes/usage-examples/run-example-tip.rst

.. literalinclude:: /includes/usage-examples/code-snippets/distinct.go
   :start-after: begin distinct
   :end-before: end distinct
   :emphasize-lines: 4
   :language: go
   :dedent:

> Click `here <{+example+}/distinct.go>`__ to see a fully runnable example.

Reviewer: On the staging link this is currently a 404. Will this be updated later?

Author: yes! once merged into the repo, the link will work

Expected Result
---------------

> The example returns an ``interface`` type that contains the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example returns a slice of empty ``interface`` type that contains the following
```

should contain the following: 

> .. code-block:: json

Reviewer 2: I think this can be a none language
